Say
Where is Si Xiaoxiao?
I don't know. I don't understand.
The manager explained that you kidnapped it
Si Xiaoxiao
You told me you didn't know about prohibition
Is it a penalty for drinking?
I understand, I say, I say
I just took him out.
He was kidnapped by another group
I really don't know where he is
What I said is true.
I won't let you go if anything happens.
Here it is.
Miss 4, you meet again
It's you, what do you want to do? Miss 4, don't move.
Why of course
If the people agree to our terms
Do you want to use it?
Some opportunities
It's impossible.
Must not be able to do it
Can it be successful
It depends on how Ji Minyuan feels about you
I heard he seems to like you.